Complements explanation for config files setup. (#76)
galaxyproject/ansible-galaxy: README.md

- `galaxy_config`: The contents of the Galaxy configuration file (`galaxy.ini` by default) are controlled by this
  variable. It is a hash of hashes (or dictionaries) that will be translated in to the configuration
  file. See the Example Playbooks below for usage.

> - `galaxy_config_files`: List of hashes (with `src` and `dest` keys) of files to copy from the control machine. To set destinations, you can use the `galaxy_config_dir` variable followed by the file name. Make sure to add the appropiate setup within `galaxy_config` for each file added here (so, if adding `tool_conf.xml` make sure that `galaxy_config.galaxy.job_config_file` points to that file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `galaxy_config_files`: List of hashes (with `src` and `dest` keys) of files to copy from the control machine. To set destinations, you can use the `galaxy_config_dir` variable followed by the file name. Make sure to add the appropriate setup within `galaxy_config` for each file added here (so, if adding `tool_conf.xml` make sure that `galaxy_config.galaxy.job_config_file` points to that file).
```

> - `galaxy_config_files`: List of hashes (with `src` and `dest` keys) of files to copy from the control machine. To set destinations, you can use the `galaxy_config_dir` variable followed by the file name. Make sure to add the appropriate setup within `galaxy_config` for each file added here (so, if adding `tool_conf.xml` make sure that `galaxy_config.galaxy.job_config_file` points to that file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `galaxy_config_files`: List of hashes (with `src` and `dest` keys) of files to copy from the control machine. For example, to set job destinations, you can use the `galaxy_config_dir` variable followed by the file name as the `dest`, e.g. `dest: "{{ galaxy_config_dir }}/job_conf.xml"`. Make sure to add the appropriate setup within `galaxy_config` for each file added here (so, if adding `job_conf.xml` make sure that `galaxy_config.galaxy.job_config_file` points to that file).
```
